# World Vaccination
In sources, we have 3 different jupyter notebooks:
  1. Data Cleaning: This requires to be run on a linux device as it uses linux commands to pull from a github repository for updated vaccination data. If you do not want to pull off of the github, then simply pull the data from this repository or download the vaccines.csv from https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data/vaccinations, and comment out the linux commands in the beginning cells. There is also a version that cleans a larger data set, this can also be downloaded from here or download the owid-covid-data.csv from https://github.com/owid/covid-19-data/tree/master/public/data.
  2. Model Creation: Can be run on any device as long as you run it on jupyter notebook. This section creates and tests many models in order to see how it would perform.
  3. Data Visualization: Is a created in Tableau. There are 2 dashboards and a story board. For the dashboards, there is one that let's you look at data from any given country (named Map Selctor) and compare, or one that allows you to select multiple countries to compare data between countries (named Data Comparer). There is also a story board that creates Color Coded Heat maps on top of a map of the world to compare certain statistics in a map visualization.
  4. Model Finalization: There are two versions, the Linear Regression version, which works, but is not very good for predicting and the Logistic Regression version which is better. There is a python source file along with an executable that can be run on Linux by doing ./<filename> or on Windows by double clicking the exe in a file explorer.
For all notebooks, leave the file structure as is since all paths to files assume this repository's file structure
